# EvilHangman_CS261

This is a game played in a canvas window which simulates a game of either normal or 'evil' hangman.  In hangman you try to guess a word via guessing letters.  The word stays the same throughout the game, and if you guess all of the letters, you win the game.  In Evil Hangman, the computer cheats.  Although not actually always the best strategy, after each guess, every occurrance of a word pattern is checked, and whatetver the computer can tell the player that leaves the most remaining words in the pool is selected as 'the word.'  The word changes throughout the game, and it is very difficult or impossible for the player to win depending on word length/ number of guessses.

I did this project in my second semester of University.  I had learned more since my Blackjack project, and used a similair overall setup to start the game.  This time, I added sounds to make it more fun, and a few more images as well.  Still, looking back, I wish I had done some things differently.  For instance, I thought I was being very smart when I made a log2 based array indexing system to store all possible patters of a word.  However, most of them went unfilled, especially in longer words, so there was a massive amount of wasted memory.  Now, I would probably just use a Map mapping the String pattern to a list of words that fit that pattern.  

Overall it was a very fun project as I have always enjoyed hangman.  This was my first experience with using a larger scale of data and having to read it efficently.
